About NFTs, there is no sustainable method for NFTs to ensure decentralized finance, at present. 

Exchanges akin to Open Sea allow for distribution of an NFT but you are unable to get around the listing process of working through an exchange 
which links to a crypto wallet. Therefore, the Coinbase's of the world will squeeze NFT creators out of profits by raising the cost to "mint" an NFT
- list it on the exchange. What this effectively does is eliminates any NFT partcipants from accumulating profits for their work unless they are famous,
and have enough of a present following to ensure the cost to mint is recovered. In addition, there will be a censorship issue which (is not spoken about... yet) on 
Open Sea but will be a major issue moving forward. How one balances between quality control and censorship is very hard to determine. There could be a solution to this problem.
The solution involves compromise. NFTs currently are not able to display different messages on different devices (every device receives a different "art work")
If platforms allow this capability then users in exchange could open their mind censorship of some kind. 

If you are a savant, create: crypto/NFT exchange which allows for NFTs to be created which can display different/images messages on different devices.
I cannot emphasize this enough.


To the crypto community: 

Do not believe everything that you watch or hear. 2022's best example:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ko6K82pXcPA

You will notice that the video clip begins w/ unimaginable for forsight. However, toward the end everything is reversed. The 
dialouge has nothing to do about the future and all about where crypto goes "from here." The present. What follows, is excellent salesmanship.
There is a comparison to the 1970s asset allocation between 1) gold and 2) equities. Which at the time, was 1 to 1. 2.5 Trillion
to 2.5 Trillion. In comparison, in 2022, equities stood at $115 Trillion in value vs $12 Trillion in gold. A nearly 10 to 1 increase in allocation
value. Notice the steps, step 1: a comparison to a decade where this was the allocation split. Step 2: a comparison of the massive disparity which
currently exist (a factor of nearly 10) then Step 3: the sinker, a comparison of bitcoin to equities. Which is $115 Trillion to 831 Billion
as of 2022 (A factor of 1000 to 1). Step 3: draws a simple conclusion, closer parity between bitcoin and equities is around the corner.
A conservative estimate is an increase in Bitcoin is parity to 100 - 1. This would Bitcoin's market value at $10 Trillion. A 100x move is right around the corner
The crowd goes wild!!!! Concluding the presentation injects fear with regard to the sustainability of fiat currencies and their current behavior. 
While simultaenously pointing to a "foreign enemy(s)" .... Which by the way happen to have a common denominator. This video was released April 7th 2022. Bitcoin 
stood around $50,000. It has been cut in half. PT had a massive short position. And the dollar has sky-rocketed ever since the economic shut-down. Central banks
have targeted inflation into gasoline prices to make "the people" pay for the shutdown etc. More taxes, more inflation higher rates all increases the value of fiat
currency. The dollar is up about 12%, which in a highly leveraged FOREX market is quite the move. It does not dismantle it. Simultaneously, higher rates cause an issue for crypto mining. A profitable mining operation requires cheap short-term
debt. When rates are not zero, one cannot borrow to mine profitably. 

Classic hero turned villian scenario. More technology is needed.


